we're recording I don't know where we're
recording but we're definitely recording
it says we're recording I welcome to the
package manager special interest group
weekly catch-up I am making brain I'll
be your host actually andrew is probably
gonna be the host because he can see the
Crick pad in my car
so without further ado I'm gonna hand
over to Andrew is he has way more you
know information they're mighty cool and
cool I'm sure I have some information
yes so we could do some updates of what
we did this week and what we're planning
to do next week and anything that we're
blocked on I might as well go first I
have been doing some further work on my
little ipfs NPM republished library that
I demoed last week
it now has it's considerably more robust
they actually works with every different
kind of package including namespace
packages the only things it doesn't work
with get dependencies right now but you
can also publish directly to ipfs rather
than having to now like previously you
could republish something that was
already on the registry by pulling it
down and putting onto ipfs you can now
publish using the command line straight
to ipfs and it generates you a new
registry with all of the dependencies
for your package this works mostly
offline if you already have those
packages downloaded as well so you can
do offline publishing it gives you an IP
FS mini registry URL which you can then
share around and other people can
install from your from your IP FS node
and then start to share between everyone
we tried it I sent Jim the link at the
CID basically
it worked which is very cool so that
might be something to put together a
little video talk for ipfs camp which is
something that I'm planning to do we
also did some further Road mapping fall
out call from a week and a half ago
planning the kind of global state of
what package managers is going to look
like for ipfs over the next six months
it's still kind of ongoing and there's a
link possibly added to the crib pad I'm
not sure if that's a public page or not
yet but hopefully we should have some
resolution by Friday on that I also have
spent the past few days doing a in-depth
look into the new entropic federated
package manager from the ex CTO of NPM I
just published that I'll get the link
added to the crib pad shortly and I
think there's a lot of promise in it as
well as having a lot of internals that
look very similar to ipfs I think
there's a way that we can actually be
able to propose to add not just
different kinds of content store that
would but also different kinds of
hashing algorithms this would basically
mean that rather than saying like well
it's ipfs or or it's char 256 kind of
just
one or the other this means that for
each individual instance they can choose
how they want to store their content and
for every different instance that is
running the ipfs store they're
essentially all going to be sharing data
there's no details yet on how different
instances would sink packages between
each other but the interesting part
there is that hopefully ipfs would be
able to provide a lot of that kind of
automatically for free the the real
powerful part is if you can have the
registries of the registry instances
store their content in ipfs and deliver
the hashes over the HTTP API then the
clients can fetch the content from the
DHD which may only like they may only be
one node in there which is the registry
which has that content but then the
client is the second node that has a
content and then anyone else who mirrors
that from installs that and then starts
mirroring it like nicely strengthens the
availability of the content across all
of those registries but it's not
entirely offline a ball because you
still need to be able to make the
initial request to say for this string
of package what is the the equivalent
like a hat for all of the version
published so there's some thinking they
had to do and but naming and naming is
hard in ipfs so especially human
friendly names so that is probably
another step down the year the
implementation tree I think that's
everything for me I'll get those links
in a quick pad home Jessica do you want
to go
yeah I actually threw your entropic
right up in the crypt at on your behalf
sorry do you speak for you um I was
largely hung up on like lightning talk
stuff honestly this week for camp but I
did you'll get to take part in all the
red wrap discussions and Andrew
mentioned and then also I added a bunch
of info and cleaned up both the main sig
readme and then the docs readme so
hopefully that should be a lot more
helpful for newbies to either you ipfs
and package management which I think
should help us a lot at camp especially
and obviously everywhere so if anyone
has any feedback on that let me know or
just um make some changes in a PR but
that is more or less it at that point
for me
Jim did you have anything chef
just we tried to try out your the your
code I forget what it's called and then
we loop it revealed it was a good test I
thought for content discovery and the
ipfs Network has been having problems
with content discovery all week which
there's been a the Gateway Tiger team
it's like identified some of the issues
and basically everybody has to should
upgrade to zero point or the latest I go
IP invest no like right away if they're
running the old version and because all
the old versions in all the old buggy
versions out there on the network that
are sort of slowing the thing down so
that I think that what we did was
actually a really excellent potential
test case where some of the simulation
where can be doing so yeah if you're
using IP FS desktop I think you can just
restart it and it should automatically
operate you to the latest version and it
comes with the ipfs command line that
can be installed so the latest version
of ipfs desktop is very cool and the
best way to use it in my opinion is
anyone else got
dates
you
I've been trying to clear up some mplm
ipfs pr's weather night to get a new
release oh that's up to date with you
know the latest Joe sort of you first
they're always thinking it maybe
switching it to be go up if s to start
publishing my pianist names of all the
payments because that would then enable
some interesting you know use cases of
being able to resolve documents using my
DNS names rather than rather than having
to go through our central registry for
it I'm also trying to work on and came
in a box for the science fair hope us
can this this is it right here
ironically it's not in a box yet because
the box is being shipped from China and
it hasn't arrived
it should arrive before a new from
Barcelona so that's gonna be fun but
yeah I want to get new voters when p.m.
and ipfs out and also get it deployed on
you know some kind of scalable container
service I have now quite access to the
AWS stuff that I need like my account in
order to do that so hopefully I'll be
able to do that over the next week any
question how much storage is in that
little box 12 terabytes okay it was
beam is really missing something I
love this idea I think it's super snazzy
um are there any other things that we
want to bring along with us and have
local IP FS copies I think it's come up
in some of the in some of the courses
that like you know being able to suck
the latest version of my PFS latest you
know given that we we could be looking
at local versions of some of the
packages that folks will depend on for a
variety of things
it'd be really useful to be able to grab
them so probably NPM has a vast variety
of things if there's if there's anything
else probably use
to think about bringing a local version
and making it available over ipfs yeah
well I can catch other things on the on
the box just yes any other things that
you want me to put on it no further
money we just upgraded our internet
connection to fiber here apparently so
that should help we're downloading large
things all right okay I'll surface that
back to we're developing a list for the
for the various courses of like what is
the stuff you're gonna need so will
surface back from that if anything comes
up just a curiosity how much did your
not in a box in a box cost 400 pounds
500-pound sumo yeah may sent me my Swiss
knowledge for the rest of its just you
know Roz be PI a sort of bridge for the
Raspberry Pi and then a box callosum
story just cheap brand with us expensive
cool well I think that is everything and
we will see you next week for another
package managers working group update
not working group especially interest
group bye
you